docs: kratix support namespaced crd only (#202)
syntasso/kratix-docs: docs/main/03-reference/11-promises/01-intro.md

When a platform engineer installs a Promise, Kratix creates a new API that application developers use to create and customise their resources using the available API options.
When the API request is submitted to Kratix, the Promise uses the API options to create the resources as described in the Promise.  
For example, if the Promise describes a database, a Jenkins installation, and an update script, calling the Promise from the API will generate a new instance of all of those resources for the user.

> Promise API are Kubernetes Custom Resource Definition (CRD) under the hood. Kratix supports namespace scoped CRDs only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Promise APIs are Kubernetes Custom Resource Definitions (CRDs) under the hood. Kratix supports namespace-scoped CRDs only.
```

> You can learn more about CRD [here](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/extend-kubernetes/custom-resources/custom-resource-definitions/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can learn more about CRDs [here](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/extend-kubernetes/custom-resources/custom-resource-definitions/).
```
